antenna-comms.git
TCL-based interface to the Comtech antenna system. Is a command line program.

ccore-utils.git
A collection of common utilities written in TCL.

event-scheduler.git
The scheduler. Written in clojure.

install.git
Installation and configuration scripts.

io-module.git
TCL-based interface to the X332 digital IO controller.

load-schedule-config.git
A command-line executable that reads the database configuration given in a YAML file and loads it into the database. Written in clojure.

log-checker.git
A command-line executable that, when run, checks log files for any instance of a log with a level at or above a specified level, and then emails the message and the logs to a number of recipients. Written in TCL. This executable is scheduled to run every 30 minutes with cron. 

session-manager.git
A command-line program that monitors the schedule in the database and spawns a session (a child process) to do the 'work' during an overpass. Written in TCL.

smart-terminal-db.git
A clojure library for working with the smartterminal postgresql database.

smart-terminal-db-migrations.git
Where migrations to the database are maintained. Migrations are tracked using the flyway tool (URL: https://flywaydb.org/). Migrations are written in postgresql-flavoured SQL.

smart-terminal-launcher.git
A thin GUI wrapper written to control the command-line processes. Written in TCL with the TK GUI toolkit.

smart-terminal-ui.git
The smart-terminal browser-based client code. Written in vanilla javascript with bootstrap.

smart-terminal-web-server.git
The smart-terminal web server, which the client communicates with. Written in clojure.


------ THIRD PARTY LIBS ------

clojure-inetaddress.git
A clojure wrapper for java.net.InetAddress. (URL: https://github.com/vitorsvieira/clojure-inetaddress)

Korma.git
An SQL library for clojure. Used to provide an interface to postgresql. Cloned from github rather than using the latest JAR file from maven (or lein) because I needed the latest version. (URL: https://github.com/korma/Korma)
